Release Notes v4.4 (#1859)
ezsystems/developer-documentation: docs/index.md

        <div class="col-lg-8 mb-5 latest-release">
            <h5>
                The latest release
                <span class="pill">v4.4</span>
            </h5>
            <div class="row mt-3">

>                 <div class="col-lg-5">The <a href="release_notes/ibexa_dxp_v4.4/">latest version of Ibexa DXP is v4.3</a>. It is a Fast Track release, and it was released on January 27, 2023. You can now <a href="update_and_migration/from_4.3/update_from_4.3/">update your application to the latest version</a>. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
                <div class="col-lg-5">The <a href="release_notes/ibexa_dxp_v4.4/">latest version of Ibexa DXP is v4.4</a>. It is a Fast Track release, and it was released on January 27, 2023. You can now <a href="update_and_migration/from_4.3/update_from_4.3/">update your application to the latest version</a>. 
```

        <div class="col-lg-8 mb-5 latest-release">
            <h5>
                The latest release
                <span class="pill">v4.4</span>
            </h5>
            <div class="row mt-3">

>                 <div class="col-lg-5">The <a href="release_notes/ibexa_dxp_v4.4/">latest version of Ibexa DXP is v4.4</a>. It is a Fast Track release, and it was released on January 27, 2023</a>.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
                <div class="col-lg-5">The <a href="release_notes/ibexa_dxp_v4.4/">latest version of Ibexa DXP is v4.4</a>. It is a Fast Track release, and it was released on February 2, 2023</a>.
```
